Fix regression. results_url is in final_state step. (#43)
sclorg/testing-farm-as-github-action: README.md

> 

Reviewer: I suggest leaving the tables formatted as they were before.
That way is easier to detect git diffs.

Author: Resolved.

| `pull_request_status_name` | GitHub pull request status name | Fedora |
| `debug` | Print debug logs when working with testing farm | true |
| `update_pull_request_status` | Action will update pull request status. Default: true | true |

> | `artifacts_name` | Define name for generation artifacts_url. Value can be 'public' or 'private' | public |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tf_scope` | Define the scope of Testing Farm. Possible options are 'public' or 'private' | public |
```
